Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
GAFE: IN THE DICTIONARY.
IT MEANS BAD LUCK. A BUZZKILL.
BUT IN THE MEXICAN ARMY. THE GAFES
ARE LEGENDARY ELITE COMMANDOS.
THERE ARE ONLY A FEW OF THEM.
UNSEEN. UNHEARD. LEAVING NO TRACE.
IN COMBAT. THEY FACE THE UNTHINKABLE.
FROM THIS IS BORN AN UNBREAKABLE BOND.
A BLOOD COVENANT
THAT THEY CALL THE MYSTICAL UNION.
IT IS NOT QUESTIONED. IT IS NOT BETRAYED.
IT NEVER EXPIRES.
TONIGHT. THEY ARE ON A MISSION
THAT WILL CHANGE THEIR LIVES FOREVER.
It's so hot in here.
Gafe. they should put
some holes to breathe in this thing.
Rookie… focus.
- Yes.
I want you at my six. we clear?
- Yes. yes. yes.
Exiting the truck.
I want you ready to breach.
Who are we?
- Special forces.
What do we do?
- Kill the enemy!
Can anything stop us?
- Even death can't stop us!
And if it takes us by surprise?
- We welcome it!
Who are we?
- Special forces!
What do we do?
- Kill the enemy!
Open it.
Can anything stop us?
- Even death can't stop us!
And if it takes us by surprise?
- We welcome it!
I'm not who I'm meant to be!
Come on.
Go on.
That's bad fucking luck.
But thank you. commando!
- But thank you. commando!
That I'm not what I was!
- That I'm not what I was!
Special forces!
- Special forces!
Army!
- Contact! Contact!
Drop your weapons!
Get down!
- Lower your weapon!
On the floor!
I told you I was going to
fuck you up. didn't I?
Careful.
Hey.
Calm down. Rookie.
"Rookie."
But every time you need something.
you come running.
Can't even send an email.
One time!
- One time?
That was one time.
- That's enough. kids. Stop fighting.
I'm proud of you.
Thanks. Captain.
- Let's celebrate. guys! Shadow!
How many times did I tell you
we'd nail him?
Right?
- Only a billion.
So you didn't forget.
However we do it.
we've gotta nail them all.
Listen.
Didn't we cut off the head of the snake?
Yeah!
- Yes. sir!
Cheers!
- Cheers!
Captain Toro and his team
are awarded the Medal of Military Merit
for the capture of Héctor Luna.
leader of the most bloodthirsty
death squad in our country's history.
Captain. please.
A few words please.
It's always a pleasure seeing colleagues
I've had the privilege to serve alongside.
But we're special forces. gentlemen.
Only one in 1.000 soldiers who want to
join this group makes it.
It is our duty to protect
our country's security.
Do you think we've done our duty
on this occasion?
Because if you do.
I'd like to remind you
that Héctor Luna was military.
He was your comrade.
he was trafficking our weapons.
protected by men
wearing this very uniform.
You may have forgotten. but I haven't.
I'm here to tell you
that my team and I won't stop
until we've found all those colluding with
Héctor Luna. regardless of their rank.
Those who know us know that we'll do it.
Quickly. quietly. violently.
The Colonel.
Mrs. Estrada.
- Colonel.
I didn't know you were a public speaker.
I have my talents. Colonel.
So?
Are we going to start
hunting down military personnel. or…
Just the bad guys.
Great. A firm hand.
I'm with you.
Enjoy your vacation.
So?
You haven't even congratulated me.
Yes. I have.
So… that's how you do it?
It's five in the morning
And I haven't slept a wink
Thinking about your beauty.
I'm going to go crazy
Insomnia is my punishment
Your love will be my relief
And until you're mine
I won't live in peace
You know you love it.
I bet you've even brought your medal.
Decorated. and in a bikini.
A yellow one.
Sing it then.
Sing it to me.
No. it's not love
That you feel
It's called obsession
An illusion
Didn't he tell you
what happened in Escobedo in 2018?
I'm gonna tell you something.
Shall I? Shall I?
- Tell me.
No.
- Here goes.
Knowing you. I think you already told her.
Listen.
- He tells you everything. right?
Alicia. I'm gonna tell you something.
Let's talk about your daughter instead.
- Behave.
Pretty good.
- I think she's doing well.
Growing.
- Where is she?
Naughty. she's at that stage.
She's with my mother-in-law.
I'm the one who has to keep
the little madam on a tight leash.
because he acts all tough
but he lets her get away with anything.
I do what I can. my love.
I thought being in the mountains
was tough.
but raising a daughter is a bitch.
And what about you? A family?
A little cousin for Inéz. right?
Shadow…
Grab that bottle there.
They won't even notice.
Don't start. Captain.
Here we go.
Tell your husband to break a rule
to see how it feels.
No. thanks.
Or he'll still be a captain
when he's. what. 70?
That one hurt.
How old are you? Around 58. right?
I'm turning…
- Almost 49.
Right.
- Thanks.
And still the same rank.
She's not holding back today.
She's standing up for me. asshole.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
To being together.
Cheers.
I've never gone scuba-diving. You?
There's a boat
that takes you to an island.
It takes 30 minutes.
The price isn't bad.
Shall we go?
And when we're back. we can try again.
Okay. let's go.
Where?
The place you were taking about.
You could take your head
out of your ass now and again.
Where are you going?
To see Miguel.
Come on. he's in the pool.
I'm ovulating. asshole.
Just for a bit.
Take the key in case I fall asleep.
Nice. right?
- Sure is.
What's with the pedicure?
My daughter did it.
Want one?
You don't paint them yourself?
Try it.
You'll feel younger.
On Monday. I need you
to come see the General with me.
I want the files on all the bastards
who worked for Luna.
I know you.
I knew you had something on your mind.
We have to stir up the hornet's nest.
- It's already stirred up.
Are you going to declare war
on the entire senior staff?
Don't you want to rest?
Enjoy being with your wife?
We have to get rid of this Luna thing now.
Now. while it's hot.
What are we waiting for?
Get back to your wife
and lock yourselves in.
What's happening?
Miguel. you're scaring me.
Tell me.
Go in there and lock the door. quick.
Alicia!
Alicia… It's okay.
It's okay.
Alicia.
I'm here.
I'm here with you.
Okay?
COMRADES
CAPTAIN
CARLOS ESTRADA
MIGUEL DÍAZ
LIEUTENANT
"THE ETERNAL ROOKIE"
SPECIAL FORCES AIR MOBILE GROUP
G.A.F.E.
BLOOD
COVENANT
MYSTICAL UNION`
RETIRED COLONEL
HÉCTOR LUNA
COLONEL
GABRIELA PÉREZ RANGEL
EDITH AND INÉZ DIAZ
SIX MONTHS LATER
What are you doing. Estrada?
20:45 HRS - BLACKOUT
20:48 HRS - BELLBOY DIES?
20:56 HRS
ARRIVAL ROOM
HÉCTOR LUNA
WHERE ARE THEY HIDING HIM?
Shadow!
Let me buy you a beer.
Take one of these
and you'll sleep for eight hours.
How's your head?
- Fine.
And those clothes?
I got all dressed up to see you.
Shadow. until we know
which criminal network is behind Luna.
you have to stay hidden.
Hang in there
for a few more months. brother.
Did you find out what I asked you?
- There is no file on the assassin.
The weirdest thing is where Luna is.
At the military base.
He's been there all this time?
If he gets out.
they'll catch him. partner.
Then you question him.
Get it out of him. who wanted me dead.
They won't let me near him.
Where there's a will there's a way.
That's not it.
I'm already taking a risk by hiding you.
What do Lola and Aurelio think?
My friends. you're in luck.
First. a feast. now a prize.
I've got lucky numbers.
A series. or just one ticket.
what can I offer you?
Not now. thanks.
- And you?
Thanks. buddy.
- Excuse me.
Answer it.
I'll answer it on the way.
What are you afraid of. partner?
Here…
3.000 pesos.
- I told you no.
Take it.
- I'm fine.
I told you. I'm fine.
Take care. Rest up.
Would you be able to rest if you were me?
I'll come and see you in a month.
Don't expose yourself. don't be a fool.
Shadow…
thank you.
Motherfucker.
Hey! Come here.
My friend. you made up your mind?
I've got winning numbers.
Triple eight. That's a winner.
I can offer you a series.
or just one. What will it be. my friend?
I'll take it all.
- All of it?
Keep the change.
Thank you. my friend.
All the best.
Let's hope this closure
doesn't affect the traffic.
Now. you've got big news. Tell us. Kari.
Amazing news.
The National Lottery is still looking for
the winner of its biggest prize ever.
One billion pesos.
What would you do with a billion pesos?
- A billion?
That's too much to even count.
Do you know the winning number?
- The winning number is 2-5-8…
WE NOW HAVE A WINNER OF THE GRAND PRIZE
FROM SORTEOS DE MEXICO
1.000 MILLIONS. THE BIGGEST IN HISTORY
THE TICKET IS
I left a jacket on this table yesterday.
Have you seen it?
- You weren't here yesterday.
You were here Tuesday.
- Did you see the jacket? It's orange.
The only thing I saw was the owner
putting you in a taxi.
you were in a bad way.
A taxi.
We're closed.
I left a jacket in a taxi.
- We're closed.
I won't take long.
- Hey. hey. hey.
Efraín!
Wasn't this the guy
who pissed in your taxi the other day?
He wants to look for
something in your car.
He can fuck off.
Hey. idiot…
Was I unclear?
We're closed. buddy.
So get lost.
I'm just here for the jacket.
- I don't give a fuck about your jacket.
Aren't you listening. asshole?
No. please. don't.
Please.
And you. too.
No. my leg!
- Inéz.
I've suffered enough.
What did we agree on?
Come here.
That I shouldn't burn things.
So go do something useful.
Jiu-jitsu. for example.
Yes. sir.
Put that back where you found it.
ONE NEW MESSAGE
CHANNEL 17
TURN ON THE TV
I'll beat you at this game.
You lost. Captain.
- It's your turn to draw.
He doesn't like to lose.
Let's go over to our reporter
at the lottery building
for a first look
at the luckiest man there is.
You're a millionaire!
- How are you?
Will you give us an interview?
Will you stay in the city?
Thank you.
Here we are with Carlos Estrada. and…
Well. tell us. Carlos.
how does it feel to be the luckiest man
in the country?
Good.
What do you think of people
who lose everything after a lottery win?
Well…
Bad luck. right?
There's so much you could do
with the prize.
What's your plan?
Donate it? Go traveling?
Carlos?
Tell us.
I'm going to…
I'm going to use all this money
to find and kill all the bastards
responsible for the murder
of my wife. Alicia…
Dear viewers.
apologies for the interruption.
As you know. live television
is very unpredictable.
But stay with us for our coverage
of the biggest prize
in the history of the National Lottery.
You knew he was alive
and you didn't say anything?
You two just don't understand.
I'm sorry. Edith.
I promise I'll take care of you both.
Louder!
One!
- One!
Two!
- Two!
Three!
- Three!
Four!
- Four!
Five!
- Five!
One!
- One!
Two!
- Two!
Three!
- Three!
Four!
- Four!
Five!
- Five!
One!
- One!
Colonel…
Has Estrada contacted you yet?
He has.
I feel like it's not the first time
you two have spoken
in the last few months.
Right?
Speak freely.
I hid him.
I didn't tell anyone. for safety.
I would've done the same for my comrades.
When's he going to start his war?
You'll have to ask him.
But who's he looking at?
I have a list.
I can share it with you.
I haven't spoken to him.
Just be careful.
You're playing with fire.
Don't get burned.
Hello.
Why are you here?
It's nice to see you. too.
Why the fuck have you come to my house?
Why. you want me to go back to mine?
Mom. I can't find my boots!
I'll help you look for them.
Little one!
- Hello!
I've got you a present.
- Let's see.
See. I didn't forget your birthday.
I don't like these dolls.
Let's pack.
Come on.
Look for your boots. darling. okay?
What's up?
But thank you.
- You're welcome.
So you won the lottery.
What do you think?
The first load of toys is on its way.
Ask for leave.
because we're going all-out.
Edith's taking Inéz
because I don't want to put them at risk.
Perfect.
So I'm out.
You're not joining us?
How much do you want. partner?
Ten million? Twenty?
Name it.
- Don't insult me.
You know it's not about that.
Have you spoken to Aurelio and Lola?
They're in.
They're loyal.
Take care. brother.
Fucking asshole.
Don't worry. They won't throw you out
for being clumsy.
Did you get a message
from the Captain. too?
Yes.
He said he's disappointed in you.
and that you're not invited this time.
Because I'm not a suck-up like you.
You were hungry. Captain.
It's not for me.
I ordered you everything on the menu.
but I think it's a bit much.
Who eats this?
Lucky us. boss.
Are you buttering us up or what?
Kinda.
Take whatever you want.
Captain. you saved my life.
It's not about money.
Rookie. learn to say yes. man.
It's yours.
You know. when there's action.
you call me. and I'm with you. Captain.
I know. and I'm grateful.
And where's Miguel?
That guy's worthless.
He's never had his priorities straight.
And what? So you haven't called him?
I don't need to.
Right now. he'll only slow us down.
And how are you planning
on getting Luna out?
The uniforms are here.
Did you get the people I asked for?
Yes. Captain.
Two GAFEs.
It wasn't easy to find two retirees.
And the other commando?
He's out seeing about the vehicle.
Shouldn't he have been here an hour ago?
He's such a rookie.
Well. the rookie got hold of all this
in less than two days.
He's so green.
Do you think they've got Luna in there?
Are you afraid
to infiltrate the parade. or what?
It's the perfect distraction.
I've never heard of a prisoner
being on an army base
for more than six months.
Luna isn't just any prisoner.
We have to get him out
before they move him.
Don't like the color. or what?
- What did I ask for?
I asked for a tactical vehicle. A truck.
Yes. but an armored truck
wouldn't arrive until December.
They gave me this straight away.
It's armored. More or less.
It's fine. This way. we'll blend in.
I always wanted one of these.
I've got the good stuff.
With that green salsa you like.
Oh. forgot… fun is not your thing.
Rookie.
- Let's go get Luna. you bastards!
In position. Moving to phase two.
Three. two. one.
Let's go.
Slowly. carefully.
Keep walking. handsome.
Nothing to see here.
Report. Aurelio.
Come on.
Aurelio…
- Almost.
Circuit cleared.
- Good.
Stay there. I want this clean.
You'll get your reward.
It's a hard life.
Who the hell are you?
What's this?
- Your lucky day.
Hey. you bastard!
Get out of here. damn it!
Héctor! What the hell is this?
Let me go!
Let me go. Let me go. bitch!
You again? Fool.
- What do you want?
Hey.
You. identify yourself.
Identify yourself!
Hey.
Come with me.
Boss. the shit just hit the fan.
They're coming. let's go!
- They're gonna fuck you up. assholes!
There they are.
Do something.
It's you!
What the fuck?
You're gonna get...
Héctor!
Do something!
Son of a bitch.
I said clean. asshole.
Give these bastards their money.
I don't wanna see them again.
Five million weighs a lot.
He's all ready for you. Captain.
Let's go.
Are you an idiot?
They'll be here to get me in no time.
You're gonna tell me
everything you know. you bastard.
Yes. of course.
Have you got a pen?
Son of a bitch!
Don't cry. Daddy. don't cry.
Just tell me his name.
What's the name of the man
who murdered my wife?
I don't know.
Why did they want to kill me?
Who works with you?
I don't know his name.
I only know it's someone just like us.
Made of the same stuff.
Just like you and me.
What's his name? Who knows?
Whose orders do you follow?
I don't know. You wouldn't understand.
What's his name?
It took me an hour
to get you out of the base.
Do you think I can't get to
your family. and your kids?
That's it.
Why not bring them here
and slit their throats
like they did to your old lady?
Asshole.
Sniper!
Get out!
Get down!
Lola!
Come on. Lola.
Change!
Move forward.
Move!
Let's go!
Step on it!
Were you followed?
- No!
Think! Were you followed?
- No. I wasn't.
Clear the way!
Where did these bastards come from?
Fuck! Careful!
Captain. are you okay?
I just went to get tacos.
Watch out behind. We'll go to the mansion.
They were tough.
They moved like Green Berets.
It's the same asshole.
He's coming!
Clear ahead!
Watch out!
Get us out of here. Captain.
Hard. hit him hard!
Come on!
- Enough!
Open fire!
Come on!
He's coming closer!
What was that?
- C4!
Throw out the money.
- What?
All of it!
What did he do? Did he kill them?
This really is a mansion.
What is Luna's relationship to this guy?
I got the room with the jacuzzi. okay?
That bastard is GAFE.
Like us.
Fuck.
Check the file.
- I'm on it.
He must be from the Pacific like Luna.
If Luna is disposable.
the murderer is. too.
Look.
They changed the passwords again.
You can only get in from the inside.
We have to get back on track.
We have to go to the other unit
for more toys and money.
Let the rookie go.
- You're both going.
Who's going to cover for me?
I'll talk to Miguel about the file.
Hey. I've got three days of leave left.
Don't worry. It'll be fine.
He knows what he's doing.
Will you go to the base?
I have to.
They want to send me
to the jungle next week.
The jungle?
Estrada…
What do you want?
What the fuck do you want?
I need you to go with your comrade
into the archive.
You're wrong.
You can't ask me for anything.
You came onto the base
and killed two of our own.
These things happen.
You think I'm an idiot?
I did what I had to do.
- Fine.
But I'm out.
So much for brotherhood.
The pact.
Who saved you on the beach?
Who hid you in the mountains?
Wasn't it me. asshole?
Yes.
And I would've thanked you
for having the balls
to help me get Luna out.
- And my family?
Joining you means deserting.
it means jail.
I'm not hanging up my uniform
for you or for anyone. Okay?
You were my shadow for 12 years.
Alicia's murderer is Special Forces.
You won't do a thing?
Don't be a coward.
What will your daughter say?
Ten minutes. Captain.
INSUBORDINATE GAFES
FILTER BY PACIFIC
4 RESULTS
JUAN C. ORTEGA - DISAPPEARED
VERIFYING ACCESS
ACCESS AUTHORIZED
BIRDS MASSACRE
MERCILESSLY MURDERED
HIS FELLOW SOLDIERS
HORROR IN TRANQUILITY:
MASSACRE WITHOUT HUMANITY
FULL NAME:
JUAN CARLOS ORTEGA MARTÍNEZ
ALIAS: "THE JACKAL"
CURRENT ADDRESS:
156 GEN. ELIZONDO STREET
MEXICO CITY
What's all this.
doing missions on your own?
I just found
Alicia Estrada's murderer. Colonel.
You have always been
a cautious and disciplined military man.
but you're still a captain.
Why do you think?
Maybe because you don't know how to focus?
See the generals?
They know it was you who hid Estrada.
And now it looks like
they want to send you north.
Enlist there.
And in that case. you won't see
your daughter or wife more than…
Three days a year.
Or perhaps they'll send you to the Sierra.
where a whole troop was decapitated.
I respect you.
We've known each other
for. what. ten years?
But you're pursuing this person
instead of doing your job.
and that's hard to defend.
That person you're talking about
killed my captain's wife.
A captain who broke into this base
and killed our people.
What would you do
with an insubordinate captain
who killed two soldiers?
Or a millionaire buying weapons
on the black market.
shooting anyone who gets in the way?
What would you do?
Wouldn't you want to bring them in?
Why are you here if not to uphold the law?
We have to arrest the captain.
It's the right thing to do.
Are you going
to the assassin's address. Captain?
Let's go.
It's just that
I've got to get back to base.
They want to transfer me to the jungle.
I have to ask for leave.
And what the fuck will you do
if they say no?
I would have to resign.
Well. everyone has
their priorities. Commando.
I'm with you. Commander.
You're like family.
Thank you. comrade.
How did it go?
What did you see?
Now they're going after Miguel.
Find Aurelio.
Comrade?
And your family. how are they?
This dog has them in its sights. Shadow.
They're good.
They're far away.
They'll be fine.
Did you find the guy?
The bastard wasn't there.
Come to the mansion with us.
No.
Why don't we meet
where we always do and talk?
Just us.
I have new intelligence.
You finally decided to break the rules.
- Only for you.
I'll come with you.
No need.
I'll be quick.
How are you?
- Captain.
Thank you.
- Go ahead.
Can you turn that shit off please?
I'm here now. shadow
He's at the meeting point.
Tell him you're running ten minutes late.
There's a problem with your resignation.
Lieutenant.
High Command is looking for you.
Can I have your weapon?
Please.
Where are we going?
Ambush. Get out
now
Welcome.
Colonel.
You haven't been in my office before.
have you?
I've been told you have a family issue.
that you want to resign.
Is that right?
- Affirmative.
It's funny.
Two members
of the Special Forces High Command.
One… asks for leave.
the other wants to hang up their uniform.
Don't tell me you don't know
Lieutenant Dolores Ramírez.
I didn't know she was on vacation.
She's your comrade. right?
But you don't know when she's on the base?
Lieutenant Dolores
isn't the most communicative.
Or are you both helping Estrada?
Hey!
Here's an idea.
You tell me who's working with Estrada.
and I'll do you a favor and discharge you
without pressing any charges.
I won't offer it again.
Tell me what you know.
I'm not going to betray my captain.
The things we do for our comrades.
Where are we?
Relax.
Hey! Down there!
Lola.
Lola!
Hold on. Lola!
Hold on!
Lola!
Hold on. Lola!
Hey. Hey!
Hey!
What are you doing here? Leave. please.
You can't be here.
Please. you can't be here.
What happened? How is she?
Tell me how she is!
Out. please. You can't stay here.
What the hell are you doing here?
Hey.
It was the Colonel.
Have you seen what you've done to Lola?
- It was the colonel.
Listen. you bastard.
- Fucking listen. Listen.
You're fucked.
- She tried to kill me. like she did you.
She hired Alicia's assassin.
She's colluding with Luna. I'm sure of it.
You were my brother…
And you betrayed me.
Drop that fucking thing.
That fucking thing.
- "That fucking thing"?
I did my job. Partner. I did my job.
Okay?
Drop it.
I did my job.
Just like you taught me.
You swear you're telling the truth?
Let's go after her.
It's about time.
Hi. Daddy.
- How are you?
What are you gonna buy me? A surprise?
Yes. my love.
I'll see you soon.
Can I speak to your mom?
Mom!
Coming.
What's happened?
Why that look?
You'll be here in a few days.
Yes.
I'll bring your slippers.
And Inéz' shampoo.
We love you.
I love you.
I don't know how you always get out alive.
That's what happens when the people
coming after you
don't know how to do their job.
Ask your wife whether or not
I know how to do my job.
Why the hell
don't we just put an end to this?
Name the date. and the time.
And I'll happily take your life.
Today.
Just do me one favor.
Bring your friend.
I want to see his face.
You're a bit light on furniture. Estrada.
Go and kick their asses.
Gonna leave the car here?
It might get stolen.
Who's gonna fucking dare?
Well. before your lottery win.
you weren't exactly lucky.
With Alicia. it wasn't bad luck.
I stirred up the scorpion's nest.
I declared war on them all.
If I hadn't been thinking about myself.
I would've stayed with her.
Looking after her.
The thing is. you've always been
pretty fucking selfish. Captain.
But. you know what?
I still care about you.
I really fucking do.
The way I do my family.
Same.
Thanks for being here.
And sorry for getting you into this.
So. Shadow.
Ready to kick some ass?
Hey.
Let's go.
Fuck!
I'm gonna make her suffer. kid.
I never liked elevators.
You don't get tired of losing. do you?
And your friend. the whistleblower.
where is he?
Is he dead?
Look how many people have died
because you wanted revenge.
People you swore to protect.
Your wife.
Your comrades.
So much for loyalty. right?
The love for the uniform.
the mystical union?
You talk to me about mystical unions. Me.
All this to move a bunch of weapons
and protect Luna.
I know you think I'm a criminal.
but you know what?
Taking control of crime
is my responsibility.
What you haven't realized.
you innocent little soldier.
is that the state
has the monopoly on force.
And it has to be exercised.
And they call me arrogant.
You and Luna are just two criminals
who've pushed it too far.
Goodbye. Estrada.
Do you think he was satisfied
with his revenge?
I'm sure he was.
Well. I hope so. at least for a minute.
He wiped out everyone.
Including us.
There's your share. Shadow.
We begin today.
You and I.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm